Carriers specs (#272)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/shipping/carriers/Add-edit-carrier.md

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

# General settings (1st step)

## Call to action
 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel :
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - **Logo.** A field for uploading the logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named ""Choose a file". Has an explanation below the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload a wrong format, a message will appear: "*Your shop name* says Cannot upload file".

 - **Tracking URL.** Has an explanation below the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be as displayed in the explanation below, if it's not entered by the explanation, and trying to save will show the message: "The url field is invalid.".

## Call to action
 
 - Previous. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

>  - Next. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to he next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
```

>  - Finish. Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

> # Multistore (2nd step, if multistore is enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multistore (2nd step)
```

> 

Reviewer: Cancel CTA is missing

> This tab is shown when multistore is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This step is displayed only when the multistore is enabled and if there are at least 2 shops.**
```

The shop association block is displayed when the multistore is enabled and if several shops are configured.

👉 See the [specs of the shop association block]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#shop-association-block">}} "Shop association block") 

### Call to action
 

>  - Previous. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: That doesn't concern this step as there is no field

>  - Previous. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Previous. If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
```

>  - Next. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to he next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
```

>  - Finish. Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 
### Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

>  - Cancel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Cancel:
```

Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> ## Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logo
```

> Firstly on the left the logo is displayed. Whena  logo is uploaded, a trash can icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, message appears: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default van logo will re-appear in the same place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```

> On the right side, from left to the right, the steps of adding/editing a carrier are displayed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different steps are displayed:  
```

 - 1 General settings
 - 2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)
 - 3 Shipping locations and costs
 - 4 Size, weight, and group access
 - 5 Summary

> Below there are 6 fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fields
```

>  1. Add handling costs. A toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". By default is set to "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Add handling costs.** This toggle allows choosing if the handling costs are added to the final price or not. By default, this toggle is disabled.
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Include the handling costs (as set in Shipping > Preferences) in the final carrier price."

>  2. Free shipping. A toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". By default is set to "no". When switched to "yes", automatically switches "Add handling costs" to "no", and disables all the input fields for "ranges".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Free shipping.** This toggle allows choosing if the carrier is free or not. By default, this toggle is disabled. When this toggle is enabled, the toggle "Add handling costs" automatically switched to "no" and becomes disabled as all the input fields for "ranges".
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

> 

Reviewer: While adding or editing a carrier, differents steps are displayed. At each step, a "Cancel" button allows to cancel the addition or the edition of the carrier and allows to get back to the [listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing")

# General settings (1st step)

## Call to action
 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

>  - Cancel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Cancel :
```

Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> ## Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logo
```

> Firstly on the left the logo is displayed. Whena  logo is uploaded, a trash can icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, message appears: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default van logo will re-appear in the same place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.
```
```suggestion
Firstly on the left the logo is displayed. Whena  logo is uploaded, a trash can icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, message appears: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default van logo will re-appear in the same place.
```

> 

Reviewer: ## Steps

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Steps
```

> On the right side, from left to the right, the steps of adding/editing a carrier are displayed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different steps are displayed: 
```

 - 1 General settings
 - 2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)
 - 3 Shipping locations and costs
 - 4 Size, weight, and group access
 - 5 Summary

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Fields

```

> Below there 5 fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below there are 5 fields:
```

>  - Carrier name. This is a mandatory field, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, shows the message: "The name field is required." When trying to enter invalid symbols to this field, and trying to proceed to the next step, will show the message: "The name field is invalid".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Carrier name.** This is a mandatory field, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is required." When trying to enter invalid symbols to this field, and trying to proceed to the next step, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is invalid".
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Allowed characters: letters, spaces and "().-". The carrier's name will be displayed during checkout. For in-store pickup, enter 0 to replace the carrier name with your shop name."

>  - Transit time. This field is mandatory, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, shows the message: "The field delay is required at least in English (English).". This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Transit time. This field is mandatory, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The field delay is required at least in English (English).". This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down.
```

A tooltip is displayed: "The delivery time will be displayed during checkout.".

>  - Speed grade. Only one number from 0 to 9 is allowed in this field. Entering an incorrect symbol, shows the message: "The grade field is invalid.". Entering more than 1 symbol in the field will show the following: "The grade field is too long (1 chars max).".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Speed grade.** Only one number from 0 to 9 is allowed in this field. Entering an incorrect symbol, shows the message: "The grade field is invalid.". Entering more than 1 symbol in the field will show the following: "The grade field is too long (1 chars max).".
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Ënter "0" for a longest shipping delay, or "9" for the shortest shipping delay"

>  - Logo. A field for uploading the logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named ""Choose a file". Has an explanation below the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload a wrong format, a message will appear: "*Your shop name* says Cannot upload file".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Logo.** A field for uploading the logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named ""Choose a file". Has an explanation below the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload a wrong format, a message will appear: "*Your shop name* says Cannot upload file".
```

Reviewer: Is there another message if you try to upload an image larger than 8MB ?

> When an image is uploaded, it will appear in the logo field on the left, as well as in every panel of the Carrier Wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an image is uploaded, it will appear in the logo part on the left, which is displayed at all steps.
```

>  - Tracking URL. Has an explanation below the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Tracking URL.** Has an explanation below the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
```

> A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be as displayed in the explanation below, if it's not entered by the explanation, and trying to save will show the message: "The url field is invalid.".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be written as displayed in the tooltips, otherwise, the following error message is displayed: "The url field is invalid.".
```

## Call to action
 

>  - Previous. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled.
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following call to action, the logo, and steps are displayed at each step while adding or editing a carrier
```

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Call to action
```

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - **Cancel** : Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.
A call to action button at the bottom right is displayed:

 - **Previous:** In the first step, this button is disabled.
 - **Next:** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

>  - **Finish:** This button is enabled only if the settings reach the step "Summary" without errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Finish:** This button is enabled only at the last "Summary" step and if there are no errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

> #### Logo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Logo
```

 
Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

> #### Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Steps
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

> The following call to action, the logo, and steps are displayed at each step while adding or editing a carrier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The following call to action, the logo, and steps are displayed at each step while adding or editing a carrier**
```

# Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - **Cancel** : Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> A call to action button at the bottom right is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A call to action button at the bottom right is displayed:
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Ented a "0" for a longest shipping delay, or "9" for the shortest shipping delay.".

 - **Logo.** This field allows uploading a logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named "Choose a file". A help text is displayed under the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload an image with a wrong format or > 8MB, the following error message is displayed: "Cannot upload file".

 - **Tracking URL.** A help text is displayed under the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be written as displayed in the tooltip, otherwise, the following error message is displayed: "The url field is invalid.".

> ## Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Multistore (2nd step)

> ## Steps 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **1 General settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **3 Shipping locations and costs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **4 Size, weight, and group access**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **5 Summary**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**This step is displayed only when the multistore is enabled and if there are several shops.**

The shop association block is displayed when the multistore is enabled and if several shops are configured.

👉 See the [specs of the shop association block]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#shop-association-block">}} "Shop association block") 

> ## Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **1 General settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **3 Shipping locations and costs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **4 Size, weight, and group access**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **5 Summary**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked
 
All the zones existing in International > Locations > Zones are displayed below. The disabled zones are marked as inactive. 
Each zone has a checkbox allowing to enable its field.
Only numbers are allowed in zones fields, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red. 

![Ranges](/img/Ranges.png)

## Call to action 

There is a button "Add new range" below the table. When this button is pressed, a new column is displayed. When clicking on it and if one of the existing ranges isn't completed, the following message is displayed "Please validate the last range before creating a new one." 
Under each range added, a "Delete" button is displayed. When clicking on it, a modal is displayed: "Are you sure to delete this range?". The range is deleted after clicking on "ok".

  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.

>   - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  If "free shipping" is disabled and if no zone is selected, the following error message is displayed: "Please select at least one zone".

>   - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Size, weight, and group access (4th step)

> ## Steps 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **1 General settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **3 Shipping locations and costs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **4 Size, weight, and group access**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **5 Summary**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - **Maximum package depth (_dimension unit_)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer.". The dimension unit mentioned in parenthesis is the one defined in International > Localization > Localization.
If what is filled is not an integer, the following error message is displayed: "The max_depth field is invalid."
 - **Maximum package weight (_Weight unit_)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore.". The weight unit mentioned in parenthesis is the one defined in International > Localization > Localization.
 - **Group access** The ID and the name of all existing customers' groups are displayed. A checkbox is displayed before each group to select or unselect them. A global checkbox allows selecting/unselecting all customers' groups in one click. By default, all the customers' groups are checked.
The following tooltip is displayed: "Mark the groups that are allowed access to this carrier."

> ## Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Summary (5th step)

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **1 General settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - **3 Shipping locations and costs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**

>  - **5 Summary**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Carrier summary

The informations about the carrier being created are displayed:

The carrier's price, the transit time, if the shipping costs are calculated according to the price or to the weight, the tax rule, the different ranges, the behavior if the weight or the price is higher than the defined ranges, the delivery zones, the customers' groups, and the shops are displayed.

Below, a toggle "Enabled" is displayed. It can be enabled or disabled. By default, it's enabled. The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable the carrier in the front office."

> ## Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - **Next.** In the last step, this button is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - **Finish.** After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

# General settings (1st step)

## Call to action
 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel :
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logo
```

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

> The different steps are displayed:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```

- **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 
### Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps

The different steps are displayed:  

 - 1 General settings
 - 2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)
 - 3 Shipping locations and costs
 - 4 Size, weight, and group access
 - 5 Summary

## Fields

> - *Add handling costs.** This toggle allows choosing if the handling costs are added to the final price or not. By default, this toggle is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add handling costs.** This toggle allows choosing if the handling costs are added to the final price or not. By default, this toggle is disabled.
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Include the handling costs (as set in Shipping > Preferences) in the final carrier price."
- **Free shipping.** This toggle allows choosing if the carrier is free or not. By default, this toggle is disabled. When this toggle is enabled, the toggle "Add handling costs" automatically switched to "no" and becomes disabled as all the input fields for "ranges".

> - **Billing.** 2 Checkboxes are present for this section: "According to total price.""and "According to total weight.". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Billing.** 2 radio buttons are displayed: "According to total price." and "According to total weight.". 
```

Reviewer: Could you specify what changes if I select one or the other?

> - **Tax.** this is a drop-down menu, shows all the possible tax rates depending on the countries installed on the shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tax.** The drop-down menu displays all the enabled tax rules existing in International > Taxes > Taxes rules.
```

> - **Out-of-range behavior** this is a drop-down menu with the possible options: "Apply the cost of the highest defined range" and "Disable carrier".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Out-of-range behavior** this drop-down menu allows to select one of the 2 options: "Apply the cost of the highest defined range" or "Disable carrier".
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Out-of-range behavior occurs when no defined range matches the customer's cart (e.g. when the weight of the cart is greater than the highest weight limit is defined by the weight ranges)."

> 

Reviewer: If the total weight or total price of the cart is not in one of the defined ranges and if the chosen option is "Disable carrier", then the carrier will be disabled.
If the total weight or total price of the cart is not in one of the defined ranges and if the chosen option is "Apply the cost of the highest defined range", then the carrier price will be the one corresponding to the highest range.

>  6. Ranges, this is a table with the tables in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ranges**
```

    - "Will be applied when the weight is	>= Kg *by default the input is 0.0000*"

>     - "Will be applied when the weight is	< Kg, *by default the input is empty*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - "Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is < _weight_ or _price_ 
    The weight or the currency is displayed depending on the option chosen above for the billing. By default, this field is empty
```

>     - "All", has a checkbox, and input field for the currency selected by the shop's default currency. The field is disabled if the checkbox is not marked. When the checkbox is marked, all the currency fields below become checkmarked and enabled."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only numbers can be entered in the 2 ranges fields above. If one of the fields contains something other than a number the following error message is displayed: "This range is not valid" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
If one of the ranges overlaps another, the following error message is displayed: "Ranges are overlapping" and the fields for all zones are disabled.

    - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked"
```

> All fields below have checkboxes allowing to enable and complete the fields (only numbers are allowed, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red). The zones displayed below are the ones that are existing in International > Locations > Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the zones existing in International > Locations > Zones are displayed below. The disabled zones are marked as inactive. 
Each zone has a checkbox allowing to enable its field.
Only numbers are allowed in zones fields, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red. 
```

## Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

# Multistore (2nd step)

**This step is displayed only when the multistore is enabled and if there are several shops.**

The shop association block is displayed when the multistore is enabled and if several shops are configured.

👉 See the [specs of the shop association block]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#shop-association-block">}} "Shop association block") 

### Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

> - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

Only numbers can be entered in the 2 ranges fields above. If one of the fields contains something other than a number the following error message is displayed: "This range is not valid" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
If one of the ranges overlaps another, the following error message is displayed: "Ranges are overlapping" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
    - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked"
 
All fields below have checkboxes allowing to enable and complete the fields (only numbers are allowed, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red). The zones displayed below are the ones that are existing in International > Locations > Zones.

### Call to action 

There is a button below the table "Add new range". When the button is pressed, a new row near the "ranges" appear, the table is the same as 6th field, only the "All" row is not duplicated. With the duplicate table a button "Delete" also appears below it.

>  - Previous. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
```

>  - Next. If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to he next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
```

>  - Finish. Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

Reviewer: - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

And an option to press "Ok".

 - Maximum package width (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Mazimum width managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
 - Maximum package height (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
 - Maximum package depth (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
 - Maximum package weight (Kg) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore."
 - Group access, displays the ID and group name in a table, all of them have a checkmark on the left, by default Vistor, guest and customer has checkmarks checked.
A tooltip is displayed: "Mark the groups that are allowed access to this carrier."
     - Group name, if this field id checkmarked, all the fields get checkmarked or checkmark gets removed.
     - Visitor
     - Guest
     - Customer

### Call to action

>  - **Previous.** If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
```

>  - **Next.** If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to he next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
```

>  - **Finish.** Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

## Columns

Firstly on the left the logo is displayed. Whena  logo is uploaded, a trash can icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, message appears: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default van logo will re-appear in the same place.

On the right side, from left to the right, the steps of adding/editing a carrier are displayed: 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

### Carrier summary

Information about the carrier being created is displayed:

![CarrierSummary](/img/CarrierSummary.png)

The carrier's price, and transit time, how the shipping costs are handled, what is the weight range of the delivery that the carrier can make, how the carrier reacts if the weight is higher, what are the delivery zones, and for which customers the carrier is displayed.

Below there is a toggle switch "Enabled". It can be selected as "yes" or "no". Has a tooltip: "Enable the carrier in the front office."

### Call to action

>  - **Previous.** If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to the previous page. When in general settings, the button does not take anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
```

>  - **Next.** If any mandatory field was failed to enter, the button becomes non-pressable. If mandatory fields are correct, takes to he next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Next.** In the last step, this button is disabled.
```

>  - **Finish.** Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

 - **Tracking URL.** Has an explanation below the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be written as displayed in the tooltip, otherwise, the following error message is displayed: "The url field is invalid.".

## Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

# Multistore (2nd step)

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

**This step is displayed only when the multistore is enabled and if there are several shops.**

The shop association block is displayed when the multistore is enabled and if several shops are configured.

👉 See the [specs of the shop association block]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#shop-association-block">}} "Shop association block") 

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

 
 - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
- **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Include the handling costs (as set in Shipping > Preferences) in the final carrier price."
- **Free shipping.** This toggle allows choosing if the carrier is free or not. By default, this toggle is disabled. When this toggle is enabled, the toggle "Add handling costs" automatically switched to "no" and becomes disabled as all the input fields for "ranges".
- **Billing.** 2 Checkboxes are present for this section: "According to total price.""and "According to total weight.". 
- **Tax.** The drop-down menu displays all the enabled tax rules existing in International > Taxes > Taxes rules.
- **Out-of-range behavior** this drop-down menu allows to select one of the 2 options: "Apply the cost of the highest defined range" or "Disable carrier".
A tooltip is displayed: "Out-of-range behavior occurs when no defined range matches the customer's cart (e.g. when the weight of the cart is greater than the highest weight limit is defined by the weight ranges)."

 - **Ranges** this is a table with the tables in this section:
    - Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is >= _weight_ or _currency_

>     - "Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is < _weight_ or _price_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is < _weight_ or _price_ 
```

    The weight or the currency is displayed depending on the option chosen above for the billing. By default, this field is empty
Only numbers can be entered in the 2 ranges fields above. If one of the fields contains something other than a number the following error message is displayed: "This range is not valid" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
If one of the ranges overlaps another, the following error message is displayed: "Ranges are overlapping" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
    - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked"
 
All the zones existing in International > Locations > Zones are displayed below. The disabled zones are marked as inactive. 
Each zone has a checkbox allowing to enable its field.
Only numbers are allowed in zones fields, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red. 

> 

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to put a screenshot of the ranges table here because this part is hard to describe

> ### Call to action 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action 
```

There is a button below the table "Add new range". When the button is pressed, a new row near the "ranges" appear, the table is the same as 6th field, only the "All" row is not duplicated. With the duplicate table a button "Delete" also appears below it.

  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
  - Finish. Non pressable until all the pages mandatory fields are input correctly. When all mandatory fields are input correctly, takes to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

# Size, weight, and group access (4th step)

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**
```

> ## Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fields
```

> Input fields only accept numbers, when trying to add any other symbols, and trying to proceed to next page, an alert is prompted showing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Could you rather specify the errors displayed for each field if invalid?

"TECHNICAL ERROR:

> Details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Error thrown: [object Object]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Text status: error"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> And an option to press "Ok".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - Maximum package width (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Mazimum width managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package width (cm)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum width managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the error message if the field is invalid (not an integer) ?

>  - Maximum package height (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package height (cm)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the error message if the field is invalid (not an integer) ?

>  - Maximum package depth (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package depth (cm)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."
```

>  - Maximum package weight (Kg) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package weight (Kg)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed:: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore."
```

Reviewer: Could you specify the error message if the field is invalid?

>  - Group access, displays the ID and group name in a table, all of them have a checkmark on the left, by default Vistor, guest and customer has checkmarks checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Group access** The ID and the name of all existing customers' groups are displayed. A checkbox is displayed before each group to select or unselect them. A global checkbox allows selecting/unselecting all customers' groups in one click. By default, all the customers' groups are checked.
```

A tooltip is displayed: "Mark the groups that are allowed access to this carrier."

>      - Group name, if this field id checkmarked, all the fields get checkmarked or checkmark gets removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>      - Visitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We should avoid listing the group because it depends on the configuration: https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/pull/272/files#r769490767
> The ID and the name of all existing customers' groups are displayed.

>      - Guest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>      - Customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

# Summary (5th step)

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**
```

> ## Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logo
```

Firstly on the left the logo is displayed. Whena  logo is uploaded, a trash can icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, message appears: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default van logo will re-appear in the same place.

> On the right side, from left to the right, the steps of adding/editing a carrier are displayed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

> ### Carrier summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Carrier summary
```

> Information about the carrier being created is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The informations about the carrier being created are displayed:
```

> ![CarrierSummary](/img/CarrierSummary.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't put an image here because the informations displayed change according to the configuration of the carrier

> The carrier's price, and transit time, how the shipping costs are handled, what is the weight range of the delivery that the carrier can make, how the carrier reacts if the weight is higher, what are the delivery zones, and for which customers the carrier is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The carrier's price, the transit time, if the shipping costs are calculated according to the price or to the weight, the tax rule, the different ranges, the behavior if the weight or the price is higher than the defined ranges, the delivery zones, the customers' groups, and the shops are displayed.
```

> Below there is a toggle switch "Enabled". It can be selected as "yes" or "no". Has a tooltip: "Enable the carrier in the front office."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, a toggle "Enabled" is displayed. It can be enabled or disabled. By default, it's enabled. The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable the carrier in the front office."
```

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call to action
```

  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
  - **Next.** In the last step, this button is disabled.

>   - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Finish.** After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

# General settings (1st step)

## Call to action
 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel :
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

## Fields

>  - **Carrier name.** This is a mandatory field, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is required." When trying to enter invalid symbols to this field, and trying to proceed to the next step, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is invalid".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Carrier name.** This is a mandatory field, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is required." When trying to enter invalid characters to this field, and trying to proceed to the next step, the following error message is displayed: "The name field is invalid".
```

Reviewer: Can you specify the tooltip for this field ?

>  - **Transit time.** This field is mandatory, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The field delay is required at least in _default language_". This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down.

Reviewer: Can you specify the tooltip and the default value for this field ?

>  - **Speed grade.** Only one number from 0 to 9 is allowed in this field. Entering an incorrect symbol, shows the message: "The grade field is invalid.". Entering more than 1 symbol in the field will show the following: "The grade field is too long (1 chars max).".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Speed grade.** Only one number from 0 to 9 is allowed in this field. If an incorrect character is filled, the following error message is displayed: "The grade field is invalid.". If more than 1 number is filled, the following error message is displayed: "The grade field is too long (1 chars max).".
```

Reviewer: Can you specify the tooltip for this field ?

>  - **Logo.** A field for uploading the logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named ""Choose a file". Has an explanation below the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload a wrong format, a message will appear: "*Your shop name* says Cannot upload file".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Logo.** This field allows uploading a logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named "Choose a file". A help text is displayed under the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload an image with a wrong format, the following error message is displayed: "Cannot upload file".
```

>  - **Tracking URL.** Has an explanation below the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Tracking URL.** A help text is displayed under: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
```

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 
## Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps

The different steps are displayed:  

 - 1 General settings
 - 2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)
 - 3 Shipping locations and costs
 - 4 Size, weight, and group access
 - 5 Summary

## Fields

 - **Add handling costs.** This toggle allows choosing if the handling costs are added to the final price or not. By default, this toggle is disabled.

> A tooltip is displayed: "Include the handling costs (as set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tooltip is displayed: "Include the handling costs (as set in Shipping > Preferences) in the final carrier price."
```

> in Shipping > Preferences) in the final carrier price."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - **Free shipping.** This toggle allows choosing if the carrier is free or not. By default, this toggle is disabled. When this toggle is enabled, the toggle "Add handling costs" automatically switched to "no" and becomes disabled as all the input fields for "ranges".
 - **Billing.** 2 radio buttons are displayed: "According to total price." and "According to total weight.". 

> When "According to total price." is selected, the ranges first 2 fields will be measured by currency, the currency displayed is the default one configured in International > Localization, when "According to total weight." is selected, the 2 fields will be measured by the according weight, it depends on the weight unit defined in International > Localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When "According to total price" is selected, the ranges are defined by currency. The currency displayed is the default one configured in International > Localization. When "According to total weight" is selected, the ranges are defined by weight. The weight displayed is the one defined in International > Localization.
```

 - **Tax.** The drop-down menu displays all the enabled tax rules existing in International > Taxes > Taxes rules.
 - **Out-of-range behavior** this drop-down menu allows to select one of the 2 options: "Apply the cost of the highest defined range" or "Disable carrier".
A tooltip is displayed: "Out-of-range behavior occurs when no defined range matches the customer's cart (e.g. when the weight of the cart is greater than the highest weight limit is defined by the weight ranges)."

>  - **Ranges** this is a table with the tables in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Ranges** 
```

    - Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is >= _weight_ or _currency_

>     - Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is < _weight_ or _price_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Will be applied when the _weight_ or _price_ is < _weight_ or _currency_ 
```

    The weight or the currency is displayed depending on the option chosen above for the billing. By default, this field is empty
Only numbers can be entered in the 2 ranges fields above. If one of the fields contains something other than a number the following error message is displayed: "This range is not valid" and the fields for all zones are disabled.
If one of the ranges overlaps another, the following error message is displayed: "Ranges are overlapping" and the fields for all zones are disabled.

>     - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **All** This field is disabled if the checkbox isn't checked. When the checkbox is checked, the field is enabled and all the zones below become checked
```

 
All the zones existing in International > Locations > Zones are displayed below. The disabled zones are marked as inactive. 
Each zone has a checkbox allowing to enable its field.
Only numbers are allowed in zones fields, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red. 

![Ranges](/img/Ranges.png)

### Call to action 

> There is a button below the table "Add new range". When the button is pressed, a new row near the "ranges" appear, the table is the same as 6th field, only the "All" row is not duplicated. With the duplicate table a button "Delete" also appears below it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a button "Add new range" below the table. When this button is pressed, a new column is displayed. When clicking on it and if one of the existing ranges isn't completed, the following message is displayed "Please validate the last range before creating a new one." 

Under each range added, a "Delete" button is displayed. When clicking on it, a modal is displayed: "Are you sure to delete this range?". The range is deleted after clicking on "ok".
```

  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.

>   - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
  If "free shipping" is disabled and if no zone is selected, the following error message is displayed: "Please select at least one zone".
```

# Size, weight, and group access (4th step)

## Call to action
 
A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

## Fields

 - Maximum package width (cm) an input field, has a tooltip: "Mazimum width managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

> If the integer is incorrect, an error message will be shown: "The max_width field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If what is filled is not an integer, the following error message is displayed: "The max_width field is invalid."
```

>  - **Maximum package height (cm)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package height (_dimension unit_)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer." The dimension unit mentioned in parenthesis is the one defined in International > Localization > Localization
```

If the integer is incorrect, an error message will be shown: "The max_height field is invalid."

>  - **Maximum package depth (cm)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum package depth (_dimension unit_)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore. The value must be an integer.". The dimension unit mentioned in parenthesis is the one defined in International > Localization > Localization.
```

> If the integer is incorrect, an error message will be shown: "The max_depth field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If what is filled is not an integer, the following error message is displayed: "The max_depth field is invalid."
```

 - Maximum package weight (Kg) an input field, has a tooltip: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore."

> If the integer is incorrect, an error message will be shown: "The max_weight field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If what is filled is not an integer or a decimal number, the following error message is displayed: "The max_depth field is invalid."
```

---
title: Add/edit carrier
weight: 1
---

> 

Reviewer 2: ## Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:
 - **Cancel** : Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

A call to action button at the bottom right is displayed:
 - **Previous:** In the first step, this button is disabled.
 - **Next:** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
 -  **Finish:** This button is enabled only if the settings reach the step **"Summary"** without errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

> # General settings (1st step)

Reviewer 2: Both call to action logo and steps are described at the begining. Could you please remove them from this section?

 - **Tracking URL.** A help text is displayed under the field: "For example: 'http://example.com/track.php?num=@' with '@' where the tracking number should appear.". 
A tooltip is displayed: "Delivery tracking URL: Type '@' where the tracking number should appear. It will be automatically replaced by the tracking number." The URL should be written as displayed in the tooltip, otherwise, the following error message is displayed: "The url field is invalid.".

## Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
 - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

> # Multistore (2nd step)

Reviewer 2: Both call to action logo and steps are described at the begining. Could you please remove them from this section?

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps 

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

**This step is displayed only when the multistore is enabled and if there are several shops.**

The shop association block is displayed when the multistore is enabled and if several shops are configured.

👉 See the [specs of the shop association block]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#shop-association-block">}} "Shop association block") 

## Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

> - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Finish.** This button is enabled only if the settings reach the step **"Summary"** without errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.
```

> # Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)

Reviewer 2: Both call to action logo and steps are described at the begining. Could you please remove them from this section?

 
All the zones existing in International > Locations > Zones are displayed below. The disabled zones are marked as inactive. 
Each zone has a checkbox allowing to enable its field.
Only numbers are allowed in zones fields, inputting any other symbol will result in the field being marked in red. 

![Ranges](/img/Ranges.png)

## Call to action 

There is a button "Add new range" below the table. When this button is pressed, a new column is displayed. When clicking on it and if one of the existing ranges isn't completed, the following message is displayed "Please validate the last range before creating a new one." 
Under each range added, a "Delete" button is displayed. When clicking on it, a modal is displayed: "Are you sure to delete this range?". The range is deleted after clicking on "ok".

  - **Previous.** In the first step, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
  - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
  If "free shipping" is disabled and if no zone is selected, the following error message is displayed: "Please select at least one zone".

>   - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Finish.** This button is enabled only if the settings reach the step **"Summary"** without errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

> # Size, weight, and group access (4th step)

Reviewer 2: Both call to action logo and steps are described at the begining. Could you please remove them from this section?

If what is filled is not an integer, the following error message is displayed: "The max_depth field is invalid."
 - **Maximum package weight (_Weight unit_)** This is a field. The following tooltip is displayed: "Maximum height managed by this carrier. Set the value to "0", or leave this field blank to ignore.". The weight unit mentioned in parenthesis is the one defined in International > Localization > Localization.
 - **Group access** The ID and the name of all existing customers' groups are displayed. A checkbox is displayed before each group to select or unselect them. A global checkbox allows selecting/unselecting all customers' groups in one click. By default, all the customers' groups are checked.
The following tooltip is displayed: "Mark the groups that are allowed access to this carrier."

## Call to action

  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.

>  - **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Finish.** This button is enabled only if the settings reach the step **"Summary"** without errors. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

> # Summary (5th step)

Reviewer 2: Both call to action logo and steps are described at the begining. Could you please remove them from this section?

## Steps

 - **1 General settings**
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
 - **5 Summary**

## Carrier summary

The informations about the carrier being created are displayed:

The carrier's price, the transit time, if the shipping costs are calculated according to the price or to the weight, the tax rule, the different ranges, the behavior if the weight or the price is higher than the defined ranges, the delivery zones, the customers' groups, and the shops are displayed.

Below, a toggle "Enabled" is displayed. It can be enabled or disabled. By default, it's enabled. The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable the carrier in the front office."

## Call to action

  - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
  - **Next.** In the last step, this button is disabled.

>   - **Finish.** After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Finish.**The button is enabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if the carrier was added or "Successful update" if the carrier was edited.
```

 - **Transit time.** This field is mandatory, when trying to proceed to the next step without inputting this field, the following error message is displayed: "The field delay is required at least in _default language_". This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down.
The following tooltip is displayed: "The delivery time will be displayed during checkout.".

 - **Speed grade.** Only one number from 0 to 9 is allowed in this field. If an incorrect character is filled, the following error message is displayed: "The grade field is invalid.". If more than 1 number is filled, the following error message is displayed: "The grade field is too long (1 chars max).".
The following tooltip is displayed: "Ented a "0" for a longest shipping delay, or "9" for the shortest shipping delay.".

>  - **Logo.** This field allows uploading a logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named "Choose a file". A help text is displayed under the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". “When trying to upload an image with a wrong format or > 8MB, the following error message is displayed: “Cannot upload file”".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Logo.** This field allows uploading a logo. To upload a logo, there is a button on the right of the field named "Choose a file". A help text is displayed under the field: "Format: JPG, GIF, PNG. Filesize: 8.00 MB max. Current size: undefined.". When trying to upload an image with a wrong format or > 8MB, the following error message is displayed: "Cannot upload file".
```

## Call to action
 
 - **Previous.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the previous step is displayed.
 - **Next.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the next step is displayed.
- **Finish.** If there is an error, this button is disabled. After clicking on it, the carrier is saved and the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page is displayed with the following success message: "Successful creation" if a carrier was added or "Successful update" if a carrier was edited.

# Shipping locations and costs (3rd step)
 
## Call to action

A call to action button at the top right is displayed:

 - Cancel:
Pressing the button redirects to the [carriers listing]({{<ref "carriers-listing.md">}} "Carriers listing") page.

## Logo

Firstly on the left, the logo is displayed as soon as it's uploaded. Once the logo has been uploaded, a trash icon appears on the right of the logo. When trying to delete the logo, a message is displayed: "Are you sure you want to delete the logo?". Pressing "Ok" will remove the uploaded logo, and the default logo will re-appear in the same place.

## Steps

> The different steps are displayed:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - 1 General settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **1 General settings**
```

>  - 2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **2 Multistore (If multistore is enabled)**
```

>  - 3 Shipping locations and costs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **3 Shipping locations and costs**
```

>  - 4 Size, weight, and group access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **4 Size, weight, and group access**
```

>  - 5 Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **5 Summary**
```
